CLASS	FEATURE
paleowind	dune foresets
paleowind	dune orientation
paleocurrent	ripple laminations
paleocurrent	cross beds
paleocurrent	flute cast
iceflow	grooves
paleocurrent	planar cross bedding
paleocurrent	ripple azimuth
paleocurrent	ripple crest
paleocurrent	slump fold
paleocurrent	trough cross bedding
paleocurrent	vector mean
paleocurrent	clast imbrication
paleocurrent	foresets
paleocurrent	muschelbruchen
paleocurrent	sichelwannen
paleocurrent	comma forms
paleocurrent	spindle flutes
paleocurrent	furrow
paleocurrent	cavettos
paleocurrent	unspecified depositional
paleocurrent	unspecified errosional
iceflow	till fabric
iceflow	fluting
iceflow	nail-heads
iceflow	roche moutonnee
iceflow	striations
iceflow	crag-and-tail
iceflow	stoss and lee
iceflow	boulder pavements
iceflow	chattermarks
iceflow	micro-striations
iceflow	streamlined feature
iceflow	whaleback
