CLASS	TYPE
plutonic	homogeneous
plutonic	heterogeneous
plutonic	equigranular
plutonic	porphyritic
plutonic	megacrystic
plutonic	pegmatitic
plutonic	phaneritic
plutonic	seriate
plutonic	aplitic
plutonic	granophyric
plutonic	miarolitic
plutonic	diabasic
plutonic	coronitic
plutonic	cumulate
plutonic	fibrous
plutonic	globular
plutonic	ophitic
plutonic	subophitic
plutonic	poikilitic
plutonic	rapakivi
plutonic	relict plutonic
plutonic	spotted
plutonic	stockwork
plutonic	trachytic
plutonic	altered
volcanic	amygdaloidal
volcanic	aphanitic
volcanic	glassy
volcanic	glomerophyric
volcanic	lithophysae
volcanic	perlitic
volcanic	porphyritic
volcanic	pumiceous
volcanic	scoriaceous
volcanic	spherulitic
volcanic	spinifex
volcanic	trachytic
volcanic	variolitic
volcanic	non-vesicular
volcanic	poorly-vesicular
volcanic	moderately-vesicular
volcanic	highly-vesicular
volcanic	pipe vesicles
volcaniclastic	matrix-supported
volcaniclastic	clast-supported
volcaniclastic	poorly sorted
volcaniclastic	moderately sorted
volcaniclastic	well sorted
volcaniclastic	very well sorted
volcaniclastic	flattened
volcaniclastic	jigsaw-fit
volcaniclastic	accretionary lapilli
volcaniclastic	perlitic
volcaniclastic	shard-rich
volcaniclastic	crystal-rich
volcaniclastic	lithic-rich
volcaniclastic	flamme bearing
volcaniclastic	vitriclast bearing
volcaniclastic	pumice bearing
volcaniclastic	scoria bearing
sedimentary	muddy
sedimentary	silty
sedimentary	sandy
sedimentary	conglomeratic
sedimentary	friable
sedimentary	well cemented
sedimentary	visible porosity
sedimentary	vuggy
sedimentary	crystalline
sedimentary	recrystallized
sedimentary	poorly sorted
sedimentary	moderately sorted
sedimentary	well sorted
sedimentary	matrix supported
sedimentary	clast supported
sedimentary	equigranular
sedimentary	fissile
sedimentary	parted
sedimentary	brecciated
sedimentary	veined
sedimentary	mottled
sedimentary	micritic
sedimentary	platy
sedimentary	flaggy
sedimentary	slabby
sedimentary	blocky
metaplutonic	homogeneous
metaplutonic	heterogeneous
metaplutonic	equigranular
metaplutonic	porphyritic
metaplutonic	megacrystic
metaplutonic	pegmatitic
metaplutonic	phaneritic
metaplutonic	seriate
metaplutonic	aplitic
metaplutonic	granophyric
metaplutonic	miarolitic
metaplutonic	diabasic
metaplutonic	coronitic
metaplutonic	cumulate
metaplutonic	fibrous
metaplutonic	globular
metaplutonic	ophitic
metaplutonic	subophitic
metaplutonic	poikilitic
metaplutonic	rapakivi
metaplutonic	relict plutonic
metaplutonic	spotted
metaplutonic	stockwork
metaplutonic	trachytic
metaplutonic	equigranular
metaplutonic	inequigranular
metaplutonic	granoblastic
metaplutonic	porphyroblastic
metaplutonic	porphyroclastic
metaplutonic	hornfelsic
metaplutonic	sugary
metaplutonic	recrystallized
metaplutonic	migmatitic
metaplutonic	fibrous
metaplutonic	spotted
metaplutonic	pitted
metaplutonic	platy
metaplutonic	retrograde
metaplutonic	altered
metavolcanic	amygdaloidal
metavolcanic	aphanitic
metavolcanic	glassy
metavolcanic	glomerophyric
metavolcanic	lithophysae
metavolcanic	perlitic
metavolcanic	porphyritic
metavolcanic	pumiceous
metavolcanic	scoriaceous
metavolcanic	spherulitic
metavolcanic	spinifex
metavolcanic	trachytic
metavolcanic	variolitic
metavolcanic	non-vesicular
metavolcanic	poorly-vesicular
metavolcanic	moderately-vesicular
metavolcanic	highly-vesicular
metavolcanic	pipe vesicles
metavolcanic	equigranular
metavolcanic	inequigranular
metavolcanic	granoblastic
metavolcanic	porphyroblastic
metavolcanic	porphyroclastic
metavolcanic	hornfelsic
metavolcanic	sugary
metavolcanic	recrystallized
metavolcanic	migmatitic
metavolcanic	fibrous
metavolcanic	spotted
metavolcanic	pitted
metavolcanic	platy
metavolcanic	retrograde
metavolcanic	altered
metavolcaniclast	matrix-supported
metavolcaniclast	clast-supported
metavolcaniclast	poorly sorted
metavolcaniclast	moderately sorted
metavolcaniclast	well sorted
metavolcaniclast	very well sorted
metavolcaniclast	flattened
metavolcaniclast	jigsaw-fit
metavolcaniclast	accretionary lapilli
metavolcaniclast	perlitic
metavolcaniclast	shard-rich
metavolcaniclast	crystal-rich
metavolcaniclast	lithic-rich
metavolcaniclast	flamme bearing
metavolcaniclast	vitriclast bearing
metavolcaniclast	pumice bearing
metavolcaniclast	scoria bearing
metavolcaniclast	equigranular
metavolcaniclast	inequigranular
metavolcaniclast	granoblastic
metavolcaniclast	porphyroblastic
metavolcaniclast	porphyroclastic
metavolcaniclast	hornfelsic
metavolcaniclast	sugary
metavolcaniclast	recrystallized
metavolcaniclast	migmatitic
metavolcaniclast	fibrous
metavolcaniclast	spotted
metavolcaniclast	pitted
metavolcaniclast	platy
metavolcaniclast	retrograde
metavolcaniclast	altered
metasedimentary	muddy
metasedimentary	silty
metasedimentary	sandy
metasedimentary	conglomeratic
metasedimentary	friable
metasedimentary	well cemented
metasedimentary	visible porosity
metasedimentary	vuggy
metasedimentary	crystalline
metasedimentary	recrystallized
metasedimentary	poorly sorted
metasedimentary	moderately sorted
metasedimentary	well sorted
metasedimentary	matrix supported
metasedimentary	clast supported
metasedimentary	equigranular
metasedimentary	fissile
metasedimentary	parted
metasedimentary	brecciated
metasedimentary	veined
metasedimentary	mottled
metasedimentary	micritic
metasedimentary	platy
metasedimentary	flaggy
metasedimentary	slabby
metasedimentary	blocky
metasedimentary	equigranular
metasedimentary	inequigranular
metasedimentary	granoblastic
metasedimentary	porphyroblastic
metasedimentary	porphyroclastic
metasedimentary	hornfelsic
metasedimentary	sugary
metasedimentary	recrystallized
metasedimentary	migmatitic
metasedimentary	fibrous
metasedimentary	spotted
metasedimentary	pitted
metasedimentary	platy
metasedimentary	retrograde
metasedimentary	altered
metamorphic	equigranular
metamorphic	inequigranular
metamorphic	granoblastic
metamorphic	porphyroblastic
metamorphic	porphyroclastic
metamorphic	hornfelsic
metamorphic	sugary
metamorphic	recrystallized
metamorphic	migmatitic
metamorphic	fibrous
metamorphic	spotted
metamorphic	pitted
metamorphic	platy
metamorphic	retrograde
metamorphic	altered
tectonite	equigranular
tectonite	inequigranular
tectonite	granoblastic
tectonite	porphyroblastic
tectonite	porphyroclastic
tectonite	cataclastic
tectonite	sugary
tectonite	recrystallized
tectonite	brecciated
hydrothermal	not applicable
