CLASS	TYPE
plutonic	fine <1 mm
plutonic	medium 1-5 mm
plutonic	coarse 5-30 mm
plutonic	v. coarse >30 mm
plutonic	pegmatitic
volcanic	aphanitic
volcanic	fine <1 mm
volcanic	medium 1-5 mm
volcanic	coarse 5-30 mm
volcanic	v. coarse >30 mm
volcaniclastic	ash <2 mm
volcaniclastic	lapilli 2-64 mm
volcaniclastic	bombs >64 mm
sedimentary	mud (clay+silt)
sedimentary	clay <3.9 um
sedimentary	silt 3.9-62.5 um
sedimentary	v. fine sand 62.5-125 um
sedimentary	fine sand 125-250 um
sedimentary	medium sand 0.25-0.5 mm
sedimentary	coarse sand 0.5-1.0 mm
sedimentary	v. coarse sand 1-2 mm
sedimentary	granules 2-4 mm
sedimentary	pebbles 4-64 mm
sedimentary	cobbles 64-256 mm
sedimentary	boulders >256 mm
sedimentary	cryptocrystalline 1-4 um
sedimentary	v.f. crystalline 4-16 um
sedimentary	f. crystalline 16-62 um
sedimentary	m. crystalline 62-250 um
sedimentary	c. crystalline 0.25-1.0 mm
sedimentary	v.c. crystalline 1-4 mm
sedimentary	e.c. crystalline >4 mm
metaplutonic	fine <1 mm
metaplutonic	medium 1-5 mm
metaplutonic	coarse 5-30 mm
metaplutonic	v. coarse >30 mm
metaplutonic	pegmatitic
metavolcanic	aphanitic
metavolcanic	fine <1 mm
metavolcanic	medium 1-5 mm
metavolcanic	coarse 5-30 mm
metavolcanic	v. coarse >30 mm
metavolcaniclas	ash <2 mm
metavolcaniclas	lapilli 2-64 mm
metavolcaniclas	bombs >64 mm
metasedimentary	mud (clay+silt)
metasedimentary	clay <3.9 um
metasedimentary	silt 3.9-62.5 um
metasedimentary	v. fine sand 62.5-125 um
metasedimentary	fine sand 125-250 um
metasedimentary	medium sand 0.25-0.5 mm
metasedimentary	coarse sand 0.5-1.0 mm
metasedimentary	v. coarse sand 1-2 mm
metasedimentary	granules 2-4 mm
metasedimentary	pebbles 4-64 mm
metasedimentary	cobbles 64-256 mm
metasedimentary	boulders >256 mm
metasedimentary	cryptocrystalline 1-4 um
metasedimentary	v.f. crystalline 4-16 um
metasedimentary	f. crystalline 16-62 um
metasedimentary	m. crystalline 62-250 um
metasedimentary	c. crystalline 0.25-1.0 mm
metasedimentary	v.c. crystalline 1-4 mm
metasedimentary	e.c. crystalline >4 mm
metamorphic	micrograined
metamorphic	fine grained <1 mm
metamorphic	medium grained 1-5 mm
metamorphic	coarse grained 5-30 mm
metamorphic	v. coarse grained >30 mm
tectonite	micrograined
tectonite	fine grained <1 mm
tectonite	medium grained 1-5 mm
tectonite	coarse grained 5-30 mm
tectonite	v. coarse grained >30 mm
hydrothermal	microcrystalline
hydrothermal	fine grained <1 mm
hydrothermal	medium grained 1-5 mm
hydrothermal	coarse grained 5-30 mm
hydrothermal	v. coarse grained >30 mm
