CLASS	STRUCTURAL
plutonic	massive
plutonic	flow banding
plutonic	flow lineation
plutonic	compositional layering
volcanic	massive
volcanic	columnar jointing
volcanic	irregular jointing
volcanic	radial jointing
volcanic	flow layered
volcanic	flow laminated
volcanic	compositional layering
volcanic	pillowed
volcaniclastic	massive
volcaniclastic	flow layered
volcaniclastic	compositional layering
volcaniclastic	bedded
volcaniclastic	parallel bedded
volcaniclastic	irregular bedded
volcaniclastic	wavy bedded
volcaniclastic	cross-bedded
volcaniclastic	trough cross-bedded
volcaniclastic	planar tabular cross-bedded
volcaniclastic	hummocky cross-stratified
volcaniclastic	parallel laminated
volcaniclastic	cross-laminated
volcaniclastic	"ripples, symmetric"
volcaniclastic	"ripples, asymmetric"
volcaniclastic	"graded, normal"
volcaniclastic	"graded, reverse"
volcaniclastic	"graded, unknown"
volcaniclastic	sole marks
volcaniclastic	dewatering structures
volcaniclastic	soft sediment deformation
volcaniclastic	clast imbrication
volcaniclastic	lenticular
volcaniclastic	nodular
volcaniclastic	pillowed
volcaniclastic	columnar jointing
volcaniclastic	radial jointing
volcaniclastic	irregular jointing
sedimentary	massive
sedimentary	parted
sedimentary	parallel bedded
sedimentary	cross-bedded
sedimentary	trough cross-bedded
sedimentary	planar tabular cross-bedded
sedimentary	parallel laminated
sedimentary	cross-laminated
sedimentary	"ripples, symmetric"
sedimentary	"ripples, asymmetric"
sedimentary	hummocky cross-stratified
sedimentary	wavy bedded
sedimentary	nodular bedded
sedimentary	ribbon bedded
sedimentary	lenticular bedded
sedimentary	rhythmically bedded
sedimentary	irregular bedded
sedimentary	stromatolitic
sedimentary	nodules
sedimentary	concretions
sedimentary	"graded, normal"
sedimentary	"graded, reverse"
sedimentary	Bouma sequence
sedimentary	dewatering structures
sedimentary	soft-sediment deformation
sedimentary	oolitic
sedimentary	pisolitic
sedimentary	intraclast bearing
sedimentary	rip-up clasts
sedimentary	clast imbrication
sedimentary	desiccation cracks
sedimentary	synaeresis cracks
sedimentary	sole marks
sedimentary	channels
sedimentary	exposure surface
sedimentary	karstic
sedimentary	caliche
metaplutonic	massive
metaplutonic	flow banding
metaplutonic	flow lineation
metaplutonic	compositional layering
metavolcanic	massive
metavolcanic	columnar jointing
metavolcanic	irregular jointing
metavolcanic	radial jointing
metavolcanic	flow layered
metavolcanic	flow laminated
metavolcanic	compositional layering
metavolcanic	pillowed
metavolcaniclastic	massive
metavolcaniclastic	flow layered
metavolcaniclastic	compositional layering
metavolcaniclastic	bedded
metavolcaniclastic	parallel bedded
metavolcaniclastic	irregular bedded
metavolcaniclastic	wavy bedded
metavolcaniclastic	cross-bedded
metavolcaniclastic	trough cross-bedded
metavolcaniclastic	planar tabular cross-bedded
metavolcaniclastic	hummocky cross-stratified
metavolcaniclastic	parallel laminated
metavolcaniclastic	cross-laminated
metavolcaniclastic	"ripples, symmetric"
metavolcaniclastic	"ripples, asymmetric"
metavolcaniclastic	"graded, normal"
metavolcaniclastic	"graded, reverse"
metavolcaniclastic	"graded, unknown"
metavolcaniclastic	sole marks
metavolcaniclastic	dewatering structures
metavolcaniclastic	soft sediment deformation
metavolcaniclastic	clast imbrication
metavolcaniclastic	lenticular
metavolcaniclastic	nodular
metavolcaniclastic	pillowed
metavolcaniclastic	columnar jointing
metavolcaniclastic	radial jointing
metavolcaniclastic	irregular jointing
metasedimentary	massive
metasedimentary	parted
metasedimentary	parallel bedded
metasedimentary	cross-bedded
metasedimentary	trough cross-bedded
metasedimentary	planar tabular cross-bedded
metasedimentary	parallel laminated
metasedimentary	cross-laminated
metasedimentary	"ripples, symmetric"
metasedimentary	"ripples, asymmetric"
metasedimentary	hummocky cross-stratified
metasedimentary	wavy bedded
metasedimentary	lenticular bedded
metasedimentary	rhythmically bedded
metasedimentary	irregular bedded
metasedimentary	stromatolitic
metasedimentary	nodular
metasedimentary	ribbons
metasedimentary	concretions
metasedimentary	"graded, normal"
metasedimentary	"graded, reverse"
metasedimentary	Bouma sequence
metasedimentary	dewatering structures
metasedimentary	soft-sediment deformation
metasedimentary	oolitic
metasedimentary	pisolitic
metasedimentary	intraclast bearing
metasedimentary	rip-up clasts
metasedimentary	clast imbrication
metasedimentary	desiccation cracks
metasedimentary	synaeresis cracks
metasedimentary	sole marks
metasedimentary	channels
metasedimentary	exposure surface
metasedimentary	karstic
metasedimentary	caliche
metamorphic	compositional layering
tectonite	compositional layering
hydrothermal	open veins
hydrothermal	closed veins
hydrothermal	open vugs
hydrothermal	filled vugs
hydrothermal	open vesicles
hydrothermal	filled vesicles
